Best Practices: Add note about object/Any (#1198)
python/typing: docs/source/best_practices.rst

Ergonomic Practices
===================

Using ``Any`` and ``object``
----------------------------

Generally, use ``Any`` when a type cannot be expressed appropriately
with the current type system or using the correct type is unergonomic.

> If a function accepts virtually any object as an argument, for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a function accepts every possible object as an argument, for example
```
Avoid using the word "any" to describe how to use "object", it's going to be confusing.
